Hello. You'll now learn how to
train your neural machine
translation system.
You will learn about
certain concepts
like teacher forcing,
and you'll see some of its
advantages. Let's dive in.
In this section, you'll see how
to train your neural
machine translation,
NMT for sorts, model
with attention.
I'll introduce you to the
concepts of teacher forcing.
As you learned before,
seek to seek models generate
translations by feeding
the output of the decoder
back in as the next inputs.
This way there is no set
length on the output sequence.
When training the
model, intuitively,
you would compare the
decoder output sequence
with the target sequence
to calculate the loss.
That is, you would calculate
the cross entropy
loss for each step,
then sum the steps together
for the total loss.
However, in practice, this
doesn't work too well.
The problem is that in the
early stages of training,
the model is naive.
It'll make wrong predictions
early in the sequence.
This problem compounds as
the model keeps making
wrong predictions and
the translated sequence gets
further and further from
the target sequence.
The problem is illustrated
in this slide,
where the final
outputs word duveteux
has a similar word to the
word fluffy in English,
which has a very different
meaning from the word team.
To avoid this problem,
you can use the
ground truth words as
decoder inputs instead
of the decoder outputs.
Even if the model makes
a wrong prediction,
it pretends as if it's made
the correct one and
this can continue.
This method makes training much
faster and has a special
name, teacher forcing.
There are some
variations on this tool.
For example, you can slowly
start using decoder
outputs over time,
so that leads into training,
you are no longer feeding
in the target words.
This is known as
curriculum learning.
You are now familiar
with teacher forcing,
and you can add this
technique to your toolbox,
to help you with
training your model,
and to help you get
a better accuracy.